---
layout: default
title: Index
lang: en_US
---

# Description

Plugin allowing custom log management in your scenarios.
It is possible to create as many log as wanted, different log level are possible for each log file.
This allows you to organize your scenario logs according to your preferences, for example to group all the actions on a device in the same log whatever the scenario.

The logs are consulted via Jeedom's standard interface.
The purge of the logs is also managed by Jeedom's general config.

# Installation

In order to use the plugin, you must download, install and activate it like any Jeedom plugin.

# Device configuration

The plugin is in the Plugins > Programming menu.
After creating new device, the usual options are available.

One device corresponds to one log, the name of the device will be used as the name of the log file.

> **Tip**
>
> In order to avoid potential problems, the name of the device must consist only of letters a to z, in lowercase, and the underscore character "_", the first character must be a letter.

In addition, you can select the level of log to write: Debug, Info, Warning, Error.

# Commands

Each device (log) has a message type command per log level:

- debug
- info
- warning
- error

Just call the desired command with the message and the log will be written according to the log level configured on the device.

Depending on the configuration, an event will be generated by the plugin (only if the message is actually written in the log).
This event can be used as a scenario trigger, it is useful if you want to perform custom actions following a certain level of log:

- #lm-debug#
- #lm-info#
- #lm-warning#
- #lm-error#

# Le widget

Il y a deux options:

- soit le contenu du log sera affiché sur la tuile, sans les commandes de l'équipement.
- soit un widget standard sera affiché avec les commandes sélectionnées (à configurer dans la page "Commandes" de l'équipement).

Le choix s'effectue dans la configuration de l'équipement.

# Changelog

[Voir le changelog](./changelog)

# Support

Si malgré cette documentation et après voir lu les sujets en rapport avec le plugin sur [community]({{site.forum}}) vous ne trouvez pas de réponse à votre question, n'hésitez pas à créer un nouveau sujet en n'oubliant pas de mettre le tag du plugin ({{site.tagPlugin}}).
